Implement gMSA for Windows upstream kubernetes tests (#2208)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-azure: docs/book/src/developers/development.md

| `REGISTRY`              | Your Registry |
| `TEST_K8S`              | `true`     |

##### Windows gMSA conformance tests

> The Windows gMSA tests use the [KeyVault gMSA CCG plugin](https://github.com/microsoft/Azure-Key-Vault-Plugin-gMSA).  The gMSA tests require additional set up to run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Windows gMSA tests use the [KeyVault gMSA CCG plugin](https://github.com/microsoft/Azure-Key-Vault-Plugin-gMSA). The gMSA tests require additional setup to run:
```
